Add Kandji NetBird integration to docs (#261)
netbirdio/docs: src/pages/how-to/kandji-netbird-integration.mdx

> # Integrating NetBird's VPN Solution with Kandji MDM
> 
> Combining NetBird's user-friendly private networking with [Kandji's orchestration capabilities](https://www.kandji.io) creates a powerful solution for securing and managing access across your entire Apple ecosystem, from mobile devices to desktops.
> 
> In this hands-on tutorial, you'll learn how to deploy NetBird on Apple devices using Kandji MDM to grant tailored access permissions for different teams by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploying NetBird with Kandji MDM

Combining NetBird's with [Kandji's orchestration capabilities](https://www.kandji.io) creates a powerful solution for securing and managing access across your entire Apple ecosystem, from mobile devices to desktops.

In this hands-on guide, you'll learn how to deploy NetBird on Apple devices using Kandji MDM to grant tailored access permissions for different teams by:
```
